(slow jazz music plays)
♪♪
Just hold on
one second.
Hey, Carrie.
-Hey.
He didn't show, huh?
-No.
But he was scheduled,
right?
Monday, Wednesdays,
and Fridays, yeah.
You have any idea
where I can find him?
I don't.
You can't make people do things
they don't want to do.
I gotta...
-Thanks.
Yeah.
Motherfucker.
CARRIE: Quinn.
(grunts, sighs)
You weren't
in physical therapy.
Talk to me for a minute.
I know you're frustrated.
Oh, that's what you think.
Okay.
I'll go with that.
I'm frustrated.
Whatever you say.
The hardest time,
when you can't go on
one more second,
that's when you have
to keep trying,
because that's when
breakthroughs happen.
Fucking moto shit!
I know you want
to get out of here,
but you're not ready yet.
-Would you just stop...
being like a dog?!
Quinn, listen...
Just stay with it.
You will improve.
All kinds of progress
will start then.
I just said stop!
I'm not getting any better.
Can't you get that through
your fucking skull?!
Let me go.
SHEEHAN:
Mr. Quinn?
I'm going.
Clarence,
see Peter to his room.
I'm okay.
He's frustrated,
he's angry.
He thinks
he isn't making progress.
What?
Well...
he seemed perfectly fine--
earlier, that is.
What,
so now it's my fault?
I don't know.
It's just...
maybe he would have
more success
without the upset
of your visits.
That's absurd.
Yes!
Yes, he gets upset,
but at his situation here.
He just expresses it
to me.
We think
it's more than that.
We?
Wait, who's we?
His--his doctors
feel this way?
His entire
treatment team does.
What...
So you're saying that
I should stop coming?
You're here every day.
I'm saying
you should take a break.
I'm his friend.
He has no one else.
I know.
That's why
you should listen to what
he's trying to tell you.
All compressed into the 72 days
between the election
and the January 20th
inauguration.
The most complex, most difficult
transfer of power
on the planet today probably...
The top two floors
of the Intercontinental,
where she's huddled
with her transition team
poring over briefing books,
taking meetings...
-Gentlemen?
-General.
General.
Well?
On the plus side,
it didn't last long.
MAN:
We're ready for you now.
Good luck.
KEANE: You know what
General McClendon just told me?
Put 70,000 troops into Syria
and ISIS is done
and dusted in six weeks.
What does CIA think?
Oh, don't be shy, gentlemen.
Jump right in.
This is a free-fire zone.
Well...the problem is not
so much destroying ISIS,
Madame President,
as it is--
Madame President-elect.
It's a mouthful, I know.
(chuckles) Madame
President-elect.
Bigger problem is holding
and securing
the territory afterwards.
So now it's a ground invasion
and an occupation.
Otherwise, just another ISIS
waiting in the wings.
The mission is creeping,
gentlemen.
Unfortunately, the alternatives
don't look much better.
What about getting out?
-Excuse me?
-Leaving.
Telling the American people
this isn't working
and bringing our forces home--
all of them.
-(sighs)
-Why not?
If the war isn't winnable,
what are we still doing there?
Containing the enemy,
for one thing.
Preventing them from...
turning the region
into a base for attacking us
here at home.
Or maybe it's time to recognize
that not every problem
in the Middle East deserves
a military solution.
So what have you got there?
The Director's asked us
to brief you
on a number of covert action
and sensitive
collection operations.
What do you say we all sit down?
I'm afraid this is
for your eyes only, ma'am.
Mr. Emmons doesn't have
the proper clearance.
Give us the room, Rob.
Please, sit.
Operation Signpost.
I like the name.
Signpost is a covert action
and collection operation
against Iran.
It's funded at $85 million
and designed to insert exploits
into a wide range
of Iranian computers.
Can I just stop you there?
The purpose of this briefing
is what, exactly?
Ma'am?
What I mean is should
I weigh in or do I just listen?
The idea is to bring you up
to speed and, in the process,
establish a working relationship
going forward.
So I'm free to talk?
By all means.
Thank goodness.
'Cause you know
how I love to talk.
Even though I don't actually
have any authority
over Signpost or,
for that matter,
any covert action
at this time, do I?
Not till after
the inauguration, no.
I didn't think so.
Why don't we just skip ahead
to the good stuff, then?
Good stuff?
Yeah, I'd like to hear
about our lethal programs,
if you don't mind.
Not at all.
I'm most interested
in the drone
and paramilitary
operations.
Of course.
Especially the ones
that don't require a sign-off
from the President.
Those can be found
beginning on page 17.
♪ Small city call Panorama ♪
♪ Where the vatos roam
and they blast they hammers ♪
♪ Never had no sense,
so I'm bad with manners ♪
ABY: Who are you
to badmouth your sister?
Okay, now she's not even going
to Friday prayer anymore.
That's her business.
You're one to talk,
playing your dirty rap music
in your room all night.
That's not the same.
And how is that?
-It's just different.
-Mm.
We'll see what your father
has to say about that, eh?
Is she even coming?
We've got plane tickets,
don't we?
He's gonna want her
to wear a hijab.
She knows.
(cellphone beeps)
Oh, shoot, I'm late.
Huh? I thought
this was your day off.
It is.
Morning...loser.
She shouldn't be allowed to go
to school dressed like this.
(hip-hop music plays)
(elevator bell dings)
♪ Give me that crown, boy ♪
♪ I said give me that ♪
♪ Come on ♪
(elevator bell dings)
(hip-hop music playing)
♪ Give me that crown, boy ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Give me that ♪
♪ The rap game's
revolve around me ♪
♪ I think I have lost it
and my mind's exhausted ♪
♪ I'm nauseous from the process
of hopping on stage
and trying to dive
in mosh pits ♪
(Rapping indistinctly)
Where to?
Forty-ninth and Lakes.
East Side Marriott.
All right.
Make sure you get the hotel
in the background.
SAAD: I got it.
So most folks think
it all kicked off in 1993
when Ramzi Yousef drove a van
into the parking garage
of the World Trade Center,
lit four 20-foot long fuses,
and blew up the biggest homemade
bomb that the FBI had ever seen.
Dude, huh.
What's up?
Shit, I'm on low battery.
Dude,
just give me yours.
All right, we're good.
All right.
So you think Al-Qaeda's first
attack on American soil
was the 1993 truck bombing
of the World Trade Center?
Think again.
Nope, it happened right here--
in the ballroom of this hotel.
Come on, let's check it out.
Yeah, right this way.
Come here.
Check this out.
So right here.
This is where the founder
of the Jewish Defense League
was executed,
where he got popped.
His name was Meir Kahane--
K-A-H-A-N-E.
You need to Google him
because this guy, supposedly,
he was a rabbi-- a holy man.
He would go around,
and he would call Arabs dogs.
And one time, he even said after
27 Palestinians were murdered
in the West Bank, he said,
"The more, the merrier."
Yeah, check that fool out.
K-A-H-A-N-E.
Google him.
Who popped him?
Oh, man, yo, it was
this humble brother from Egypt
by the name of El Sayyid Nosair,
who actually used to hang out
with the blind sheik
in Brooklyn.
So what happened was this dude,
he-- he disguised himself
as an orthodox Jew,
and he came in,
and he shot Kahane in the throat
with a .357 Magnum...
blowing his ass to the floor--
right there.
(siren wailing in distance)
(sighs)
They start without me?
Only just.
MAN: We got our rights
awareness workshop this weekend
at the community center.
I need some help.
Morning, everybody.
Sorry I'm late.
Otto.
Hello, Carrie.
What are you doing here?
Flew in this morning.
The new space
looks great.
Well, welcome.
(chuckles)
-Hi.
Did you meet
Professor Hashem?
I did. He's been briefing me
already on your outreach
and counseling programs.
Impressive.
-What about Fair Trial?
I was just getting to that.
Reda represents
two prisoners at Guantanamo,
and he and his students
are defending five clients
here in New York
on terrorism charges.
I'm assuming a fair trial
isn't what they're getting.
REDA: If you're male
and Muslim,
the conviction rate
is pushing 90%.
I know a guy who was arrested
for plotting to bring down
the Brooklyn Bridge
with a blowtorch.
He's doing 20 years
in a federal prison--
essentially
for being an idiot.
Okay, okay,
you can stop selling.
I've written
the check already.
Well, don't let me waste
any more of your time.
Professor Hashem.
Mr. Duering.
Can you spare
a few minutes?
Yeah. Of course.
MAN: So Sunday,
we'll need some volunteers.
What's going on?
What's wrong?
Nothing is wrong.
Let's have dinner tonight.
I can't.
-Why not?
-You know why.
Now you won't even
eat a meal with me?
Look, it's the same conversation
over and over again.
Carrie,
what are you doing here?
I'm saying no...
which is what I've been doing
for the past three months.
I mean, here in Brooklyn
with a bunch of kids
and their
associate professor.
Small potatoes.
What?
That's the expression, no?
Small potatoes.
Fuck you, Otto.
I'm serious.
So am I.
It's important work.
Law enforcement needs
to stop harassing
and demonizing
an entire community.
Tens of millions
of war refugees,
more than a billion people
live in extreme poverty.
These are the issues
you should be focusing on.
Well, I'm not.
This is what I'm focusing on.
I've met someone.
What?
Yeah.
(chuckles) What?
Wait, what is this,
some kind of ultimatum?
No, no, I...
I thought you should know.
-You should go.
-Listen, Carrie--
I'm not changing
my mind.
And I'm telling you,
you're making a mistake.
You think
you're better off alone.
You think your sins require it,
but they don't.
You couldn't be
more wrong.
Here.
-I can't accept that.
It's for Franny.
(sighs)
Thank you.
I miss her.
She misses you, too.
Now, go.
If it's not me, Carrie--
It's not.
Let it be someone else.
REYES: Man,
it's impossible, man,
for a regular human, however--
however fucked up,
to imagine what
a regular-pile-of-rocks house,
dig-with-a-stick,
booger-eater in Afghanistan
actually wants, man.
Hard to imagine
what he thinks.
-Shut the fuck up, Reyes!
-Booger's never been to school,
owned a phone,
never went to a movie.
Check's here.
Meet you out in back
in ten minutes.
Move your ass, man.
(giggling)
QUINN:
Hey, beautiful.
Hey!
Don't be so rough!
Damn!
You all right, sweetie?
Yeah.
Did you get
your check okay?
I got it right here.
My man!
-Whoo! Whoo-hoo-hoo.
-Give him the seat belt.
He don't need a seat belt,
we're not going far.
Yeah, you can just put my head
right through the...
uh...
dah-dah-dah-dah-dah-dah.
Jackpot!
Don't even say that,
honey.
It's bad luck.
(engine starts)
I mean, you heard her.
Bring the troops home,
complete the pivot
towards Iran,
demilitarize the CIA.
What I heard was
a newly elected President
auditioning a bunch
of new ideas.
I don't know, Saul. She gave us
very little love today.
Hmm.
She'll learn to love us.
I'm not sure where
all this rosy optimism
is coming from,
but I don't like it.
Can we order
some food in here?
I'm starving.
It's not just that her ideas
are naive and dangerous.
It's that she didn't
exactly campaign on them.
I'm not sure
the American people
are getting what
they bargained for.
What are you
talking about?
Her son.
Was it Iraq or Afghanistan,
again? I forget.
Iraq. A week into
his third tour there.
Twenty-eight years old.
Poor woman.
You know, she's never spoken
about his death publicly?
Not once.
Not even
at the first debate
when she got hammered
by Hoynes on foreign policy.
Assume you got a theory
about all this?
Well...
developing one.
Tell me.
Nah, you'll just call me
a paranoid fuck.
You're a paranoid fuck.
I think
she despises us, Saul.
I think she blames us
for her boy.
I think she intends
to hold us all accountable.
Yo, so when
do you leave again?
End of next week.
Africa? (chuckles)
God damn.
Yeah, man.
Well, you gotta be excited
about seeing your old pops.
I guess.
What do you mean,
it's been, like--
like 14 years or something,
right?
(sighs)
He was working
like three jobs back then,
I barely knew him.
Barely even saw him,
and then he was gone.
Look, I'm not saying
I didn't miss having a dad.
Well, do you want one of mine,
'cause I had three.
Shut up, man.
God...
Yo.
We're here.
This is it?
Yeah, right
in this construction area,
this is where Faisal Shahzad
parked the Pathfinder.
I'm getting
the chills, bro.
Don't. He was
a shitty bomb-maker.
Yeah?
-Yeah.
He used the wrong type
of fertilizer.
The whole thing
just fizzled out.
When the Customs agents
boarded the plane
the next day,
he just looked up and said,
"I was expecting you.
Are you FBI or NYPD?"
Oh, just save that
for the video.
All right.
(Beep)
Ready?
By 2010, Faisal Shahzad
was mad as hell
and not gonna
take it anymore.
Mad about the town of Haditha,
where 24 Muslims,
including five children,
were shot up
by U.S. Marines
while they slept in their bed.
Mad about Abeer al-Janabi,
a 14-year-old Iraqi girl
who was gang-raped
by American soldiers,
who then put a bullet
in her brain
and set her corpse on fire.
There's two sides to every
story-- know that.
(horn honks)
You watch Clarice don't run off
with that, now.
Or leave you in the bathtub,
like before.
Catch you later.
Some of us work
for a living.
You want to drive,
honey?
He's in the shit, you don't
get him back by 2200.
(engine starts, revs)
(horn honking)
(psychedelic music plays)
MONA:
Who's that with you?
CLARICE:
For Christ's sake, Mona.
The soldier
I told you about. Peter.
Where's Tommy?
In Philadelphia for the
Muay Thai fights in the octagon.
Are you the hostess?
I'm Mona.
Give her $200, honey.
(psychedelic music plays)
Pretty shitty music,
Mona.
Play whatever
you like, soldier.
Only don't play it
too loud.
'Cause the manager calls,
I gotta put someone out.
Come on.
♪ Your head gets bigger ♪
♪ Your heart grows cold ♪
♪ Your skin gets thicker... ♪
Baby...
This is my private area.
No one uses this
'cept me.
Well,
sometimes Justine.
Justine, this is Peter.
Peter, Justine.
-Hey, Peter.
-Justine.
I'm gonna go see Lazee D,
get us some
of what we need, baby.
Okay.
You got $100 for me?
I'll be right back.
You like sandalwood?
I might.
(psychedelic music continues)
You see something?
Definitely.
What?
Oh, another world.
One's plenty for me.
(chuckles)
Here you go, honey.
Lazee D gives us
use of this
'cause you're
a wounded warrior.
He don't normally do that
for anyone.
Breathe in, now.
Don't waste it.
(exhales)
(birds chirping)
Walk with me, would you?
I spend three-quarters
of my life sitting on my ass.
(inhales)
Hello to you, too.
How unlike you
to send up a flare.
Yeah.
I debated it, believe me.
But I need you to promise me
something first.
If I can.
No contact report
on this meeting.
You can share with Misha Gavron
in person in Tel Aviv,
but nothing
gets written down.
Okay, agreed.
It may be worse
than we thought.
Worse for Israel?
Yes, for Israel.
Of course for Israel.
I meant operationally
for both of us.
I see.
The new President's
not a fan
of our joint
covert action program.
Perhaps
we can educate her.
(chuckles)
That's what Saul said.
Saul?
(air horn blowing)
How is Saul?
He's fine.
Poor old Saul.
Sworn off women, I hope.
Haven't we all?
(sighs)
What do you want me
to tell Misha?
What's the time factor?
We have very little.
Eight weeks,
at the most.
After the inauguration,
I expect our hands
are gonna be tied.
Well, we better get
a move on, then.
Latisha?
Franny?
(Franny laughing)
(knocks on window)
♪ I know in time ♪
What's going on?
Where's the soldier?
In there, with Justine.
Show me.
Hey, I-- Tommy!
He ain't going nowhere.
I got places to be.
Hey, hey, shh, shh!
Let him have his fun.
Besides...
you know you work better
when you're all relaxed.
If he decides to leave?
He don't have the ability.
♪ And I know in time ♪
I'll start editing
this tonight.
I should have something to post
in a couple of days.
All right, um...
there's something else.
What?
I need you to sit down
with that brother
I was telling you about.
No.
Why not?
He just wants a few words
with you about your trip.
Yo, there's nothing
to talk about.
I'm going to see my dad,
end of story.
Come on, man.
I promised him--
You promised him what?
Listen, Saad, the website
is starting to see
more and more traffic.
We are definitely
on the radar.
So don't be talking
to no strangers.
Hell, don't even cross
the street the wrong way.
You hear me?
-I hear you.
No, I'm serious.
I--I hear you.
I hear you.
♪ Wake up, Mama ♪
♪ There's a white boat
coming down the river ♪
♪ With a big red beacon ♪
♪ And a flag
and a man on the rail ♪
♪ I think
you'd better call John ♪
♪ 'Cause it don't look like
they're here to deliver ♪
Oh, my God, it's a robbery!
Nobody fucking move!
Hey, hey, you!
Dancing queen,
stop dancing!
Just cooperate, honey.
That way, no one gets hurt.
Shut the fuck up!
Don't hurt him...
whoever you are.
You telling me
what to do?
Turn that
fucking music off!
You got the PTSD?
Could have.
All right, give me
your fucking money.
Oh, it's in there.
Just...
Get it out
and give it to me!
(sighs heavily)
♪ Daddy's gone ♪
♪ My brother's out hunting
in the mountains ♪
Stop, already!
Jesus!
♪ Big John's been drinking
since... ♪
Oh, Tommy.
♪ So the powers that be
left me here ♪
♪ To do all the thinking ♪
(hip-hop music playing
in distance)
I hate this. Every night
with those goddamn radios.
I can't hear myself think.
-Well, close the window.
Then it's too hot
with the radiator.
And you can't complain,
you know, like yell out
for them to turn it down.
My girlfriend said something
out the window last week,
and some fool down --
(thudding)
-Do not fucking move!
-Hey.
-Where is he?
-He's not here, he's not here!
Bullshit! Where is he?!
She's telling the truth,
he's not here!
Shut up! Both of you, get down.
-Check the back room.
My father's in Africa.
You deported him already.
Not your father,
your brother.
-My brother?
-Get the fuck off me!
What's going on, Sekou?
Don't say a word!
Tell them nothing!
Imam Ammar, he knows a lawyer!
Coming out!
SOLDIER:
We're coming your way.
(hip-hop music playing)
SOLDIER: Copy that.
Subject is apprehended.
Let 'em up.
Mama.
Mrs. Bah,
I'm Special Agent Conlin.
Your son Sekou is under arrest
for material support
of terrorism.
What?
Terrorism?!
This is ridiculous.
He's not a terrorist.
That's for a court to decide.
But right now, I need both of
you to answer a few questions.
Unh-unh.
N-- not without a lawyer.
Mrs. Bah, your son
has been radicalized
by some very bad people.
You should be thanking us
we got to him
before he carried out
their instructions.
Don't, Ma.
I'm sorry.
You heard my daughter.
It's up to you.
Hauser, show these women out.
-Out?
-We have a search warrant.
You're gonna have to
leave the premises.
It's after midnight.
Where are we supposed to go?
Don't touch me.
-Wait!
-Get off!
REDA: His dad overstayed
his visa, according to the imam.
And this was back in 2002
when the INS was deporting
Muslims by the thousands.
Since Sekou and his sister
are American citizens,
they remained in the country
with their mom.
Hi. We're here
to see Sekou Bah.
That's B-A-H.
What was he,
seven years old?
Christ, he probably had no idea
what hit him.
No, I think he knew.
And if no one else told him,
the kids at school did.
Yeah.
Anyway,
the family struggled.
Mom moved them into public
housing, got some night work,
but that wasn't enough.
Finally, Sekou had to drop out
of high school
in order
to help pay the bills.
(door buzzes)
Salaam alaikum, Sekou.
Wa-alaikum salaam.
I'm Reda Hashem.
This is Carrie Mathison.
We were contacted by Imam Ammar
to handle your case.
How are you?
I'm ready to go home.
I bet.
No, I'm serious.
I'm late for work.
I can't lose my job.
Here.
Write down the name and number
of your boss,
and I'll reach out to him
as soon as we're done here.
You guys are gonna get me
out of here, right?
We'll know more
after the arraignment.
-And when is that?
-A couple of days.
-Early next week.
-Next week?
We'll get a copy of the criminal
complaint later today,
and that'll give us
a better idea of what to expect.
But I didn't do anything!
This is bullshit!
We took a look
at your website, Sekou,
and you've been openly critical
of America
and supportive
of its sworn enemies.
I know
what protected speech is.
I can say what I want.
I am not
a violent person.
They'll try to make the case
that what you're doing
is inciting others
to violence.
But that's not true.
The imam says you're a regular
at the mosque.
Tell me, when's the last time
you heard a khatib
speak to the congregation
about Abu Ghraib
or Guantanamo
or drones or torture?
(sighs)
Now you know why.
Deliberately promoting
extremist ideology
on the Internet.
He put up videos and documents
indicating a growing hatred
of the United States.
And just last week,
he translated an ISIS tract
called "39 Ways to Serve
and Participate in Jihad."
Now, I get asked all the time,
"How do we deal
with homegrown violent,
do-it-yourself jihadists?"
Like this,
ladies and gentlemen.
By confronting the threat
head-on,
by targeting
the most radical individuals,
and using the full extent
of the law
to preempt their acts of terror.
Miss Ortiz.
ORTIZ:
Thank you, Agent Conlin.
I'm gonna talk a little bit
about timetables now...
Don't tell me you and Hashem
are defending this asshole.
I'm not sure
he needs a defense.
I'm not sure what he's done
is even illegal.
(scoffs)
You would be mistaken.
Since when is engaging
in religious
and political debate online
a punishable offense?
When its intent is
to motivate people
to attack
the United States.
Intent, wow.
That's a tough one to prove.
What if he's just honestly
opposed to U.S. foreign policy
in Muslim countries,
like I am, more and more?
Do you keep photos
of dead American soldiers
on your laptop?
Or provide links to sites
where you can watch
the latest suicide bomber?
Well, we just met with him,
and what I saw was
an angry kid, at worst.
Oh, he's way past anger,
believe me.
We found plane tickets
to Nigeria in his possession.
Nigeria?
Yep, playground of Boko Haram,
who, by the way,
just pledged allegiance
to the Islamic State.
-Now you're reaching.
-Am I? Really?
There was also five grand
in cash under his mattress.
Now, where does a kid like him
get money like that?
I don't know about you,
but I'm not taking any chances.
Not here.
Not in New York.
(cellphone vibrating)
When he didn't appear for group
at ten o'clock,
a search was conducted,
and you were called
as soon as he was
confirmed missing.
You noticed
he was missing, okay.
But when exactly
did he leave?
He might have left
this morning.
-Could he have left last night?
-Possibly.
Quinn's gone since
you don't know when
and to God knows where, and
you want me to limit my visits?
This isn't a prison,
Miss Mathison. It's a hospital.
And isn't keeping track
of your patients
part of taking care
of them?
Okay.
Clarence said he left Peter
in his room
after your visit yesterday.
As you recall,
he was angry and upset.
He could have snuck out
anytime after that.
And where would
I find Clarence?
In the physical-therapy room,
finishing his shift.
Quinn?
Quinn?!
Quinn!
Jesus Christ, get up!
-Go away.
-Come on, on your feet.
I'm taking you back
to the V.A.
-I'm not going back there.
-No?
I'm fine on my own.
Really?
Well, what are you
planning to do?
Where are you
planning to go?
I don't know.
You can't live
on the street.
I'll figure
something out.
You forgetting
something?
Your pants, shoes.
Well, they gotta be
around here somewhere.
(sighs)
Look, I get it.
Nobody hates hospitals
more than me.
But you gotta help me
out here, Quinn.
I don't know
what else to do.
I can't take care of you
by myself,
and you won't let me put you
into a private program.
So this is what you've got...
for now.
(siren wailing)
I'm sorry.
I wish it was different.
(car door closes)
Listen,
would it be better
if I stopped coming by
for a while?
-Whatever.
-Your treatment team thinks--
(indistinct conversations,
telephones ringing)
I'm gonna say goodbye here,
okay?
Okay?
Yeah, I heard you.
Bye.
(breathing heavily)
CARRIE: Hey, Quinn?
Quinn,
what are you doing?
What are you doing?
I'm leaving.
No.
You're not.
-Yes, I am. I'm leaving.
-No. You can't leave.
Get your hand off of me.
I'm leaving.
You can't leave!
You are not leaving!
Stop! Take your hands off of me!
Take your hands off of me!
You have no right!
Hey, hey!
This is Peter Quinn.
He's a patient here.
This is DeMarco
with lobby security.
We have an agitated,
non-compliant patient--
What's his name, again?
-Peter Quinn.
Any medical orders
current on him?
WOMAN: Hold on.
We'll check on that.
(grunting)
Ward seven.
Closed ward on seven
for readmission evaluation.
No!
(grunts)
Aah!
No, wait!
Stop it!
Frankly,
I'm just as concerned
about her domestic
counterterrorism agenda.
She didn't discuss
any of that with us.
Well, we sat
on the Homeland Security
Committee together,
so I pretty much know
her feelings on the subject.
Which are?
Basically, that we're throwing
away $100 billion a year.
That the threat
is grossly exaggerated.
That Ed Snowden's a hero.
-I don't know about that.
Keeping the country safe
is big business right now.
It's getting bigger.
-Don't you start, Saul.
There's a reason that
we haven't had another 9/11.
It's called vigilance.
-Hey, I'm all for vigilance.
But you know
as well as I do
there are
no coordinated ISIS
or Al-Qaeda networks
here in the United States
like there are
in Europe.
Yeah, because we've been
kicking ass and taking names.
All I'm saying is
she's not entirely wrong.
Where she is wrong,
she's persuadable.
Well, I guess I'll find out
soon enough.
I'm first up
tomorrow morning.
I'm gonna hit the sack.
It's good to see you
again, Saul.
You, too, Senator.
Thanks for the heads-up.
CARRIE: The door to
the garden's through here.
The stove's
on the fritz.
You can use the microwave
in the meantime.
Uh...
Bed's made.
I rent it out -- AirBnB.
How much?
I can pay.
-Quinn, that's not necessary.
-I said I can pay.
Okay.
I live here with Franny.
It's our home --
right upstairs.
So don't bring troubled people
here or do drugs
or behave like you did
last night.
Understood.
The bathroom's there.
Just have to jiggle the handle
on the toilet or it runs.
What is that wallpaper?
There isn't any wallpaper.
Why is it moving?
(sighs)
Uh, I'll call to get
your medication schedule.
I'll get your prescriptions
refilled.
We're also gonna have to
figure out your therapy needs.
There's
an outpatient program.
Anyway...
Tomorrow.
We'll, uh,
we'll make it work.
And, Quinn?
Take a shower.
(slow music plays)
♪♪
(doorknob jiggling)
(indistinct conversations)
No Saul?
No Saul.
It's probably
for the best.
♪♪
-- Captions by VITAC --